Update generic-machine.md (#168)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_operating_systems/other-machines/generic-machine.md

!!! note
    Skip this step in case of [iCub Console Server](icub-server-laptop.md) or [iCub Dedicated Server](icub-server-from-scratch.md)

> You should configure this machine as a NTP client configure the ntp service to point to `icub-srv` as a NTP server. You can use several different packages to install an NTP client, but we recommend to use `ntpdate` and to remove the package `ntp`, as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should configure this machine as an NTP client and then configure the NTP service to point to `icub-srv` as an NTP server.

You can use several different packages to install an NTP client, but we recommend using `ntpdate` and removing the package `ntp`, as in the following.
```
